# Greetings!

This year we decided to start a new tradtiion for our family. Starting in January of 2024 we kept track of some statistics. It started out with around ~25 different categories, but ultimately was pruned down to what you see below since some of the categories were either not interesting or too hard to keep track of. As the years come and go we hope to grow this list to see how our lives change year over year.

Of course there are some yearly updates that cannot be tracked by numbers...

We spent most of our summer weekends at the lake with family. Amos was not a huge fan of the water, but he will gladly take a nice nap on the pontoon. In August we took a family trip to Omaha, NE to visit friends. Amos got to go to the Henry Doorly Zoo for his first ever zoo visit. He did not care for most of it, but did enjoy the aquarium. In September we atteneded 3 weddings between ND and SD.

## Adam

This year was Adam's 5th anniversary working for DMSi as a Software Engineer. In June he ran his first half marathon and hopes to do it many more times. He continues to curl at the FM Curling Club for Wednesday night league. In his free time he likes to work on wood working projects, play video games, or golf.

## Leah

This year marked Leah's first full year as a stay at home Mom. She keeps herself busy with taking care of Amos as well as caring for babies of friends and family as needed. In her free time she likes to read, do puzzles, or craft with her variety of crafting related toys/tools.

## Amos

Amos is no longer a baby (despite his parents still refering to him as "the baby"). Now that he is mobile, crawling in July and walking in September, he tries his best to get into anything and everything within his reach. He had a wonderful 1st birthday party surrounded by friends and family. His only issue was with the cake, it was **SCARY**! Gymnastic classes started in November and have been a hit! It took some time to get acquainted with sitting still and listeneing for the first part of class, but he has improved a lot over the last month. In his free time (all of the time?) he likes to nap, eat, and play. He especially loves playing with anything that is spherical by throwing it at his parents or Watson.

## Watson

Watson turned 2 this July and continues to be a lazy boy. He spends most of his days lying on the stairs or chasing Amos around hoping to get a snack when something is droppped. In March Watson joined his first ever Corgi race at Scheels Arena during a Fargo Force game. It did not go well... With a DNF in his first race we do not see a successful future in the Corgi racing scene for him. Watson has been a little unsure of Amos ever since he started walking, but will occasionally allow Amos to touch him.

Wishing everyone a wonderful end to your 2024 and a fruitful year in 2025. We hope to see you all along the way somewhere.
