# Merry Christmas!!

Welcome to year two of Schlichtmann Wrapped! By writing this we are officially cementing this as a tradition of our family (two times constitutes a tradition right?). As a reminder this started officially at the start of 2024 when we decided to keep track of some statistics about our lives with the hope that we would stick with it and have some fun stats to look at over the years.

As always not everything can be tracked by numbers...

Our family grew by one this year (Which is a number...). We welcomed AmyLynn Mae Schlichtmann into our lives in the early evening of June 25th. We took a few trips down to Omaha this year. Some for work, some for fun, and some for both. Amos and AmyLynn got to experience the Children's Museum in Omaha during one of these trips, but Leah had just as much fun as they did. As per usual we spent most of the summer at the lakes soaking up the sun and playing with grandparents.

## Adam

Adam is wrapping up the year by starting a new job. He is still working as a Software Engineer doing very similar work to what he has been doing, but with a new company. Outside of work he continues to curl in a league at the FM Curling Club and an occasional weekend bonspiel. When possible he enjoys getting a round of golf in.

## Leah

Leah continues to work as a stay at home Mom. She keeps herself busy taking care of Amos and AmyLynn as well as occassionally watching the children of friends and family. During her annual family hunting trip she was fortunate enough to get her first ever deer. In her free time she enjoys reading and crafting.

## Amos

During the spring Amos took swimming lessons. He loves being in the water and was able to graduate on to the next level which he will start up again in the spring. He also has been in gymnastics throughout most of the year. His favorite parts are: "Jump, play, and bike". Most of his summer weekends at the lake involved playing on the sandy beach, picking up pinecones (sooo many pinecones...), or sitting in the captain's chair with Papa on a boat ride. In September he turned two and uses his ever expanding vocabulary to talk the ears off of anyone and everyone. Amos is **VERY** helpful now. He **has** to feed Watson, he **has** to help burp AmyLynn, ... The list goes on and on and we appreciate his help.

## AmyLynn

As mentioned above AmyLynn was born June 25th. She was 7lbs 3oz and 20 inches long. She doesn't do much outside of growing, but she has recently started smiling, giggling, and rolling over in both directions.

## Watson

Watson turned three this summer and not much has changed with him. He enjoys lying around, stealing snacks from children, and barking at the garbage truck. Watson is still not sure about the little people running around his house, but he will eventually come around.

We hope you all have had a wonderful 2025 and wish you continued health and happiness through 2026.
